ISS-158592: Modularize the mobile SDK documentation (#221)
devrev/fern-api-docs: fern/docs/pages/sdks/mobile/react-native/quickstart-expo.mdx

# Quickstart guide for Expo

DevRev SDK, used for integrating DevRev services into your Expo app.

## Requirements

- `expo` (any version)
- `react-native` (compatible with Expo version)
- `@devrev/sdk-react-native` (version 1.0.2 or higher)

## Installation

1. To install the DevRev SDK, run the following command:
	```bash
	npx expo install @devrev/sdk-react-native-expo-plugin
	```
1. Configure the Expo config plugin in your `app.json` or `app.config.js`:
	```json
	{
	  "expo": {
	    "plugins": [
	      "@devrev/sdk-react-native-expo-plugin"
	    ]
	  }
	}
	```
1. Rebuild your app:
	```bash
	npx expo prebuild --clean
	```

> ## Setting up the DevRev SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the DevRev SDK
```

> ### Step 1: Credentials
> 
> 1. Open the DevRev web app at [https://app.devrev.ai](https://app.devrev.ai).
> 1. Go to the **Settings** page.
> 1. Then open the **PLuG Settings** page, and copy the value under **Your Unique App ID**.
> 
> ### Step 2: Configuration
> 
> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > The SDK must be configured before you can use any of its features.
> 
> Once you have the credentials, you can configure the DevRev SDK in your app. The SDK will be ready to use once you have called the configuration method:

Reviewer: This is a short procedure. There's no need to split it into two pieces.
```suggestion

1. In the DevRev app, go to **Settings** > **PLuG Settings**.
1. Copy the value under **Your Unique App ID**.
1. Configure the DevRev SDK in your app by calling the configuration method:
```

> ```typescript

Reviewer: Indent 3 spaces.
